You
Schedule for 60 minutes next
It's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television
People everywhere are starting to listen to him
It's embarrassing
It's so crazy
I feel so nervous
Like what in the world man?
I'm here chatting into the wind with the microphone on mute
Good evening ladies and gentlemen
Let's use a little knowledge to dispel a little enchantment tonight
Shall we?
Let's be like Galileo
We are going to do a little bit of just study hall tonight
Here I've got Calvary and some of his physicists
We are going to go live via dialic
We are gonna do a little bit of just study hall tonight. We're gonna take a look at a character on the stage
The character who's been on the stage for a while and I want to get a good read
On what's happening here? I forgot to save my line. You listen to me little man. You listen to me
Little rascal. I'll tell you a thing or two point point poke poke
Anyway
I'm afraid we have been bamboozled for a very long time actually it's probably our parents who are bamboozled
I know my parents were my parents are still bamboozled
But they were bamboozled since I was a child it just wasn't as dangerous to be bamboozled back then
It wasn't as dangerous to be bamboozled back then
I don't know if that's really the right way to put it, but I do think there are more dangerous for parents nowadays than ever
You could have your
doctor prescribed you
Kid Merelax
You could have your doctor
Recommend the flu shot every year you could have your doctor recommend HPV early
There are lots of crazy stuff in America and the Bamboozleman definitely goes back generations
They've been laying that on thick and deep for a very long time
Ladies and gentlemen, this stream is brought to you by a patch climb a physiologist that means I used to be a microscope jockey and
I was pretty good at aligning a
condenser and
Pretty good at doing surgery on tiny little
Tiny little mammals
Anyway when I made my recordings the the electrical resistance of those recordings was targeted toward a giga home
And so it's not named after back to the future. We're not talking about a giga watt
We're talking about giga homes, and this is a high-resistance low-noise information brief
Which is centered from giga home biological.com. You can also talk to me at giga home dot bio
You can find my confession to how dumb I was for how long I was dumb at the Scooby link and
You can support me at one time donation at support giga home there
And you can also scroll down and find a schedule and a place to subscribe
And subscribing is what I would prefer I guess I'm gonna set up a patreon because a friend of mine says I should
But essentially $10 a month as a subscriber there is a similar thing
And it allows me to keep my PDF library up there
Which we will start to add to starting on Friday this week
Put out our first PDF summarizing the last week of work or at least that's the eventual
Plan here are the people the active supporters the people that make this possible
Sometimes this the names will be a little bit larger. These are people who've given more subscribe multiple times
Whatever, you can imagine some people like Greg have gone above and beyond
I mean if I had five people like Greg
I probably doing two shows a day one of them from a from a drone car or something like that, but anyway
Here we are. I'm grateful for every one of you
This is the independent bright web of course, you know
We've been trying to build a new network of people that we can trust by just looking at how our work works in parallel
I don't have to have a bunch of people on or we don't have to cross promote each other all that much
All we have to do is be an agreement that
this basic scenario that was given to us on television is a bunch of nonsense and
The biology that they say supports this idea is just not there
And we've been doing a lot of work to try and crack this faith in a novel virus, and I think that work is finally paying off
I don't know if we're gonna figure out
Real early whether it's a completed background signal or whatever
But I do know that they are ignoring these three
Statements, especially the first two. It's pretty funny. This is Giga oh my logical
I thought it was gonna come in right there
There it is
Yes, thank you Greg, but also thank you Rodney and thank you Stefan Kohn and
There's been a lot of people coming through
Recently, I'm thinking of a couple other people and it's annoying that those names are coming to my mind
But the reason why is very good
My wife has started to help out with communicating with subscribers and trying to get questions and
Suggestions to me in a way that doesn't take up and it's hard to write
Nice emails and take the time to talk to people
And I don't have time to do that and produce a stream every night and my wife has decided to help them that so a couple hours
And every night she's either doing it in the morning or right before she goes to sleep in the bed, which I really like
But a lot of times he's going to sleep before I'm done with this
And so she is contacting those people and thanking them and it's working out really really well
This is the faith we're trying to fight. I should turn this down because I think that's kind of a copyrighted song
I'm gonna I'm gonna take this and
And go like that. I
Think it's really important to see where we are we haven't changed this slide in a long time because it's really like dead on
Accurate we haven't changed this slide and quite some time. I think because it's really dead on accurate. There is a spectacular
Commitment to lies going on it is it is it is impressive
It really is impressive, but we are over the target ladies and gentlemen, so have no fear
Have no fear
That's what I would say have no fear
There it is the starship enterprise
My
alternative background when zooming from my garage sometimes I don't like people to see this
My old drafting table and my funny my funny video game
And so I put this up instead and that really jives very well with me
Because I never really watched Star Trek that much to be honest it it I
Feel like it's a really nice cloak
If you want my confession, there is a Star Wars game over there and there's if you look right there
That's actually it's actually a lightsaber
Shame to admit and then there's another one at the top of that
There's a red one and a green one that I could turn on but the batteries will die quick
So I'm actually that kind of geek not a Star Wars Star Trek geek
but it's just kind of funny to me and again because a very good friend of mine was on the next generation once and
Then also got to play a Borg
in the in the card series
Unfortunately, she is passed away now because I believe she was more or less coerced to taking multiple shots in order to be on set
as an actor in
in California
So there's lots of stories that people have
But there are a lot of untold stories. Yeah, because of how early they push these and so there are a lot of people by
happenstance or circumstance or on their third or fourth shot and
We have to have a lot of sympathy for those people because they thought they were doing the right thing people on TV told them
They were doing the right thing people on social media told them they were doing the right thing
And so we can't we can't be judgmental of anybody that's made decisions. It's it's
It's gonna be up to them to to reconcile even what they did with their children
But we need to be very very firm in
our
understanding and belief or belief and understanding in the sense of
We need to be ready and able
To provide the truth when the truth is required
And I'm not saying you have to throw it in people's faces
But when people ask for the truth we need to be prepared to give it and to be able to present it in such a way
That when the window is open that we climb through it
And so you don't want to be unprepared and there are lots of things to talk about
There are lots of questions to ask that will not free those people from this mythology
It will not allow them to climb out the window themselves
And so you don't want to get caught in an argument or a discussion that you think oh wow
This is gonna be great. They're gonna finally they're gonna finally snap out of it
There are lots of arguments that won't snap people out of it
And I think that's why I want to watch this this interview today because I suspect
the dr. Drew and
Paul Alexander and some of these other people
I
Don't know who but I suspect that some of these people have been let's say
They have been coached coerced encouraged by
Comfort and fame and fortune to omit avoid
Focus on certain things and I don't know if dr. Drew is one of these people
I don't know if dr. Paul Alexander is one of these people, I don't know if Robert Malone is one of these people
I'm not one of these people
I have a fairly good idea that Jessica Hockett is not one of these people
I have a fairly good idea that mark Kalak is not one of these people
I have a fairly good idea that Nick Hudson might not be one of these people
I have a fairly good idea that Jonathan Engler might not want to be one of these people
I have a fairly good idea that Martin Neil might not want to be one of these people.
I even have a hunch, I even have a hunch that it's possible that some of these people that
everybody says are definitely a medler are not some of these people.
We don't need very many real medlers that are taking the money and helping with the
decisions and taking phone calls in order for there be to the appearance of there to
be many many medlers.
And I've used this train analogy a lot and I've used your kids getting on a train.
I've used people faking, stopping and starting a train and I've also used the analogy of
a tug of war and please think carefully about the bigger the tug of war is the more people
that are pulling on each side of the rope, the less of a fraction of the total pull on
either side of the rope is contributed by a single person.
And therefore it becomes easier and easier for people to sabotage a team and it doesn't
take very many people to sabotage a team in a tug of war.
And so I really want to encourage people to be careful as we move forward and be sure
that you are aware that you can ask the wrong questions and you can ask the wrong
questions for a very long time and it can feel like a very vigorous debate but you
will be having a very vigorous debate with it a limited spectrum that will not lead you
out of the cave.
And I hope that's not what we see here but I do think it's very possible.
For right now I'm going to leave it at normal speed because Dr. Paul Alexander is from Trinidad
to Bago.
I don't know how to say where he's from correctly maybe I just did.
And his island accent is very well it's challenging for me if I speed it up.
Let me just say it like that.
So I might speed it up a little bit but I'm not going to put it at 2x.
Welcome everyone.
We are in prime form.
Technically today.
That was loud.
Sorry.
So today we are welcoming back to Dr. Paul Alexander.
It's a great day to have to be able to make the reasons to make the coincidence it turns
out he was last here on January 11th, 2023.
So it's exactly one year to the day that we have him in here and it is on the heels
of Dr. Fauci's interview in front of the House Subcommittee on Coronavirus in which he talked
about the fact that the six foot social distancing was not scientific it just something that
appeared shocking that he continues to sort of skate with that admission.
And what was the other one?
There was some other thing that I did that I'm not sure he actually even said it but we'll
get to that and other other things without Alexander who's of course an epidemiologist.
He was a research methodology teacher assistant professor McMaster University.
He is an evidence based medicines and research researcher we'll get to his all his details
but he was there and many of these decisions were made at the NIH and he will give us that
report again and his new thoughts after this.
Oh here we go.
Our laws as a pertain to substances are draconian and bizarre and thinning look because it runs
in pieces.
They gave me a services department as I said he was there when any of these decisions
were what.
All right as I was saying Dr. Paul Alexander was at the Health and Human Services department
where he was a former senior advisor to COVID for COVID pandemic policy as I said he was
there when many of these decisions were made.
The other thing I was trying to think of that Fauci had said was that the lab leak theories
no longer is not a conspiracy theory at shocking that he would say that and finally his quote
actually was social distancing recommendations forced on American quote sort of just appeared
and were not science but not based likely not based on scientific data likely likely.
I would just ask him to direct me towards one document one document that substantiated
six feet for an aerosolized virus is looking you know so many of these excesses that happened
during COVID are looking worse and worse as time goes on.
We know it's an aerosol so we know that wearing a mask with a slight jet here that steams up
your glasses is going to increase the aerosol and spread it further distances you're not
only not protecting somebody else you are increasing the number of people you're going
to expose and that the surgical masks because it's an aerosol of course spit fluid inconsequential
in the transmission of this particular respiratory virus.
So Dr. Paul Alexander is an epidemiologist he's a researcher he's he has a PhD I believe
in left to tell me whether it's epidemiology or not please welcome Dr. Paul Alexander what
is your PhD and exactly I don't have the information right here Paul.
Hi Drew thanks for having me and your team once again tremendous sure as always and my
graduate training outside of so I did a graduate school masters at University of Toronto in
epidemiology I went on talks for a little graduate degree in evidence based medicine
and clinical epidemiology I did some work at Johns Hopkins a short certificate in biological
warfare and epidemiology of it but my doctorate is in evidence based medicine for my doctor.
Did he just say Canada? Did he just say the need of this and epidemiology Hopkins a short
days medicine and clinical epidemiology. I did some work at Johns Hopkins a short
certificate in biological warfare and epidemiology. Oh no that's not my reading experience medicine
for Macmaster University in Canada and for those who don't know people who want to get
into research methods programs at Stanford, Yale, Harvard are people who could not get
into the Macmaster program. The Macmaster program is the seat of evidence based medicine
globally. My doctoral supervisor was a founder of evidence based anything to do with evidence
based research Dr. Gordon Riot and Dr. Dave Sackler so I did my postdoc with him also
and anything to do with research research methods randomized trials, observational studies,
anything to do with research generally comes out of Macmaster and we constantly refine the
process and refine the methods. So that's my background training but you know I'm very,
very humble that you're hardly here again and persons like Dr. McCullough, Dr. Rish, Dr. Marcus
myself we provide technical scientific support to the wellness company TwC.health. Go to TwC.health
take a look at the website and what they offer. It's grombic breaking revolutionary way of
medicine with some good nutraceuticals etc. So I just wanted to put that on because I'm very happy
to be working with them. Me too. Me too. I'm working with them too and my position on it is not just
what you're describing but also that we're putting control access in the hands of patients. It's
time we let patients be driving the ship but I want you at some point here to tell the story
about what happened over at HHS but before we do I think the evidence based medicine topic is a
perfect place to start here. I want to start with that because I don't know if your research
advisors are still there at McMaster's but if they are they must be dying. What happened to
evidence based medicine? How do they, it's just they must be mind-boggled as much as I am. God smacked
as much as you and I are. How do they understand what has happened to our profession?
Well you ask a very good question and I'm a pure scientist in the sense that again I come
from that school and that program so I have to represent it in a way. Dr. Visham myself are
actually almost the same in this regard. Well the problem is evidence based medicine died
during COVID. It committed suicide basically because no one was really practicing evidence
based medicine and evidence based research and for your listener evidence based research and
medicine basically is trying to come up with decision-making that is informed by the most
highest quality trustworthy evidence and it's the body of evidence that we're talking about.
We're not necessarily talking about one study. We are seeing that if you give me an
estimated effect for a drug in terms of its benefit or its harms we want you to look at all
of the evidence, the randomized trials, the observational research, strong research,
weak research and give us the best so we could have as much confidence in the estimated effect.
Evidence based medicine is reproducible. The doctrine is it has to be explicit,
open, transparent and that's the difference because what I'm trying to say is from about
40 years ago the idea was clinicians, exceptions, surgeons were making decisions based on what
their colleagues did, what their hood would and the idea was that they were not consulting the
literature and the data, et cetera, to make decisions. Now I think in one way drew evidence
based medicine went too far and removed too much of the decision-making from the clinician
and have these clinicians reading books, running into the library to consult. No, you have to give
the clinician and the clinician the clinical discretion in the decision-making too so maybe
depend on them will come back a little bit but I agree with you evidence based medicine died because
all of the research in COVID is basically junk I have to say research methodologically wise
it cannot stand up to scientific muster really what JAMA, Landsat, BMG whatever they're publishing
25 years ago if you sent it to me to review or even you as a review of an article I would I would
recommend do not publish we getting stuff today that cannot normally stand up to scientific scrutiny
and it's being published so it's a terrible situation for the population because and and there's another
twist on it that's even more disturbing to me which is that you know that science is a dialogue
it's a back and forth it's never just all one direction results don't go one way and that's that
there's a there's a consensus that builds we are seeing what does get published also what doesn't
get published might be something worthy of scientific scrutiny and it doesn't get published so it's
being hit on both ends things not worthy are being published and things that potentially are worthy
because the topic isn't any good for the reviewers or the editorial process aren't being published
it's really breathtaking let me ask this I'm I'm sort of a purist scientist and I was trained in a
very purist view of the scientific method and in my world I've heard this has been modified a
little bit lately but you you came up with a hypothesis you designed an experiment to test
that hypothesis and you tried to ask simple narrow questions that you could control and then based
on that narrow question is this true or not test it and then essentially what I was reared on was
do a null hypothesis that I don't see that ever being done what happened to the basic scientific
method what I mean and once again I agree with you and I'm happy that your your
argument is as a purist too so you understand how much it will not bother us because we understand
the dirt and the and the lack the suboptimal work that's coming on of academic research now
the reality is that we know the power of things like large pragmatic randomized control trials
simple etc in being able to tease out cause and effect I agree with you fully that we don't have
the proper comparative effectiveness research today to help us make informed decisions and
this research we have is very weak and I think what has happened to us that many people mounted
research in COVID and really didn't know what they were doing and they were submitting stuff
to the to the journals they were violating the protocols they didn't even register protocols
so we couldn't even see what they were doing and what they were not doing and like you mentioned
earlier this issue of they're not publishing good stuff which is going against the narrative
you know from your own expertise that we're talking about the negative negative effect studies and
publication bias and we could actually see that in the research where we plot our graphs to show
that what is being published is only the research that has outcomes or estimates of effect that
support what the researcher wants to see positive effects they will not publish the ones that are
negative which actually are very important and it's like the clinical trials done by Moderna and
Pfizer they stopped the studies early for benefit they said Fauci and they said well it looks like
we have a signal of benefit here so we're going to stop the trial but you and I understand
Drew and many people in your audience because I really don't know who the audience is but I
assume there are some of them have done this too but if you stop a study early for benefit what
you are actually doing is you are risking an overestimated estimated effect that's a risk of
bias we flat that why because how do you run that study to sample size that benefit that you would
have seen so early on a crew would have petered out and you may not have seen the benefit downstream
in fact the harms that you fail to see upstream would have probably become clearer so in the research
that was produced and published by Pfizer Moderna and accepted wrongfully by the FDA to grant EAU
is actually not just suboptimal but it's wrong science it cannot stand up to proper scientific
scrutiny those studies are risk of bias studies none of the estimates of effect are proper they
actually to me fraudulent and they use the relative risk reduction as the estimated effect
when you know Drew that the estimate that we wanted the outcome measure is actually absolute
risk reduction and when Pfizer says of course there's a 95 percent relative risk reduction
what they do based on 170 events the absolute reduction just 0.7 you would have had that shot
if a doctor would have sat you down and said listen the absolute benefit is just 0.7 percent and
there's a downside because the shot carries risk the shot carries potential toxicity there's a
cost to the shot there's there's uncomfortable this there might be fever you may react to the
naphylaxis etc and when you wait benefits versus the harms you'd say but wait this benefit is so
modest compared to actual harms that I could experience that I don't want I would avoid this shot
people will never told you truth every single thing look had we done nothing through had this thing
come around this is my opinion based on four years now had this thing come around in December
January of 2020 and we've done nothing it is my view that we may not even have noticed this
it is my view my view that had we done nothing we'd have lost far fewer people it was the response
the medical management is what killed most of the people this virus did take some people drew
high risk elderly we know that you are an expert I know that you're a clinician expert
but when you look at the denial of treatment lockdowns the collateral damage from the lockdowns
that's j-batter truck chariots expertise you look at the vaccine itself the harms from the vaccine
and you look at the medical management with the isolation the sedation will puke a fall on my
dazzle arm the ventilator the denial of antibody when you look at those deaths you realize we
actually may have killed more people by the medical response and that's a very controversial
statement to me but that's the statement I'm making I'm willing to defend it had we done nothing
we'd have been back well certainly so let's uh let's take that and think about it a little bit
so we kind of we came here with the wellness company
and so let's start there he mentioned Harvey Reich who I think is
nothing but a narrative charlatan I did have a personal interview with him
and I streamed it without permission so I kind of got in trouble it was an interview
that I was it was like a panel that I was on actually in a private zoom meeting run by a lady
who I'm still in contact with and I still think we're friends but I did make the mistake of streaming
it live without specifically saying out loud that I'm gonna stream this live and I kind of
in my mind I told myself that that was okay because you know I'm a streamer and I do that but there
were a lot of other people on the call and you know the people legitimately trusted that everybody
wasn't going to be recording these things but if you're streaming it it's kind of recording it
and so I kind of blew that now had I said that I wanted to record it or that I wanted to stream
it they would have probably said no and then I wouldn't have had the interview with him
and so I just thought I had to do it so anyway that's gone it's not there anymore I took it down
immediately because everybody was very angry about it but in that interview Harvey Reich revealed
something very strange to me which I just found to be quite a disconnect from what
I guess he was saying he seemed to contradict himself almost sentence for sentence so
the story that he told me was that he was that he was
I'm trying to think if he was vaccinated I don't think he's vaccinated but he could be
but he was also using hydroxychloroquine as a prophylaxis or ivermectin as a prophylaxis I
don't know which I think hydroxychloroquine is a prophylaxis then he got covid for the second or
third time and despite being on a hydroxychloroquine for prophylaxis and then adding ivermectin he
still had two weeks of terrible sickness and I ended up sort of laughing at him because I was
like so wait you used everything everything on the recommended list from your side
and you still got sick for two weeks and you think that those things work you think that that plan
of yours that imaginary coping plan with the novel virus worked and I do think he's vaccinated
and I do think that was the point that I was able to make and dunk on him um was that like
you're double vaccinated you're on prophylaxis you're testing all the time
you took all these things and you still got super sick for like the second or third time
that doesn't even make sense to me that you would even argue this is evidence for for something
that you understand and so I find it very strange where whenever this guy shows up because people
want to say that that he's a dissident but somehow or another I feel like he's very much a
a person whose job is to be there and make sure that you understand that COVID is serious
COVID's a virus COVID's going around and it made him really sick twice
and and that seems to be his role and so you know I'm not saying he's a bad guy or a good guy I'm
saying that that he has been encouraged to share his experience with the COVID virus a lot even in
Romania so publication bias that's pretty easy thing to talk about but what he was saying was
it was a publication bias of plus versus minus like um positive versus negative results he wasn't
talking about the fake studies that we know were done including that that one that uh was made up
of whole uh holy bad like uh made up data and we weren't talking about poorly designed studies
you know like giving hydroxychloroquine in the 15th day of hospitalization or giving too big of a
dose too late or or giving ivermectin in the fifth day in combination with remdesivir
so that's a little strange because again you can go through these things but you can go through
them in such a way that doesn't get anybody any closer to exiting the cave and if you think that
if you realize that there were fake holy fake papers that were promoted on mainstream media and
social media as being evidence for the ineffectiveness of these things so that those fake or poorly
designed papers would would be the fuel for an incredibly fervored debate an incredibly vigorous
debate a legitimate paper with controversial or or hard to interpret results isn't going to get
you a debate a poorly designed paper with very easy to debunk methodologies would get you a very
vigorous debate especially if you promoted those papers on mainstream media as being a valuable
insight into the effect of these prophylactics you see the deal here and so i'm not trying to
beat a dead horse i'm trying to show you how the subtle differences in the way that these
questions are asked and the answers are given you can show people the breadth and the depth
of this deception or you can let them scratch the surface but then pad them on the back and make
them feel like they really understand it and i think that's often what goes on in these discussions
and here again let me summarize that if you don't say that there were fake papers
if you don't explain that there were poorly designed studies and you don't explain that they
were this way in order to create a very limited spectrum of debate that would be extremely engaging
where the people that were doing it on social media most of them would be unwittingly participating
because the ridiculousness of a poorly designed study of ivermectin could drive people nuts for
months and that's perfect so he said relative risk reduction benefits versus risk remember this
big debate absolute risk you remember that absolute risk versus relative risk and everybody
was doing that big calculation and everybody had their own math problem that they could show you
how impressive it was that relative risk really didn't tell you anything but absolute risk did
all the while we were having that discussion people were being put on remdesivir people were
putting on propofol and medazalam people weren't being given a broad spectrum antibiotic when they
could have used one they weren't being treated with steroids appropriately they were not being
treated at all but being sent back to nursing homes ladies and gentlemen while we were arguing
about the relative risk reduction being used as a factor in a study that was looking at a
transfection that we didn't need in the first place we were arguing about how the numbers should
be distributed how the numbers should be displayed how they should be calculated
rather than whether they should be calculated at all
and i was doing it too don't get me wrong i was on streams with matthew crawford talking about this
stuff and so we had done had we done nothing had this thing come around and we'd done nothing had
this thing come around and we'd done nothing we'd be better off the virus did take out some
people it sure did and then he mentioned j about a charia and i didn't i didn't realize that propofol
was also something that they might have used in this pandemic to anesthetize people i guess that's
how they put them on event um i've heard lots of good things about how propofol works from
the time when i was in the operating room as a pharmacy technician but that was a long time
ago i'm sure um yeah anyway uh let's get back to that vidya
they certainly you know the the place we ended up really doing nothing was in the care of the
patients right because there was lockdown because there was panic because the hospitals were closed
where we really did nothing is the one place we should have been doing something which was
observing our patients monitoring our patients trying different things on the patients
the the steroid inhalers would have worked steroids themselves would have heard you know you can
argue about early treatment whatnot but there were things to be done patients were set home and told
to come back when they were blue that that that was the first chapter of this whole catastrophe that
i just blew my mind i by the way i wrote down a couple of the things that uh j about a charia
said to me he said he they looked at every single person alive as a biohazard and he said society
can't run that way he's absolutely right about that and now i just went to a event last night
talking about the mental health consequences on there's anyone else see a contradiction
between the idea that people were sent home and told to return when they were blue and the idea
that hospitals were overwhelmed and then the idea that actually only a couple hospitals were
overwhelmed and the rest were empty and so were they really telling people to go home and if they
could they sure they could have been at most hospitals and at some hospitals they let them come in i don't
it's weird because saying that patients were sent home and were told to return when blue
probably happened everywhere but in like a few places but i'm not really sure it's just
something i know a lot of people have repeated teenagers and young adults it's profound it's
profound what we've done the numbers of deaths that are going to happen as a result of despair
and drugs it's just profound none of that would have happened if we had done nothing plus you mentioned
the slight improvement with the vaccine we didn't know the potential side effects now we know we
can go to a 22 year old male ago you know there's a one in five thousand let's say one in 50,000
chance of mild carditis and half of those are going to be part well in one year we know okay so
i'm going to go back because this is really bothering me a lot listen carefully to what dr
drew says in mind by the way i wrote down a couple of the things that j about a charia said to me he said
he they looked at every single person alive as a biohazard and he said society can't run that way
he's absolutely right about that and now i just went to a event last night
talking about the mental health consequences on teenagers and young adults it's profound
it's profound what we've done the numbers of deaths that are going to happen as a result of
despair and drugs it's just profound none of that would have happened if we had done nothing plus
you mentioned the slight improvement with the vaccine okay had we done nothing so what does he
really mean there does he mean masking does he mean shutting down schools or does he mean
the requiring of shots and masking and quarantine and testing at college campuses
because i think that saying it as briefly as he did has done a really gross
misjustice to what we've done to the young people because what we've also done is gotten them onto
a psychological train the rules of which involve pandemic viruses for the foreseeable future
for experimental countermeasures every once in a while for the foreseeable future
and there being really no choice when the government or the university or my employer decides to make
a decision it might be a pretty dumb one but i'm gonna have to go along with it
where is all of the this despair and sadness and depression coming from
why is any very specific about it it's the failure of adults to stand up for those kids
it's the failure of the adults to stand up for the tiniest kids for the middle middle school
kids for the high school kids and it's really really on all of you all of you who had college
kids and let them go to college and take the shot and follow those mandates you should have told
them to take the year off you should have had the guts to tell them to take the year off stay at home
get a job at starbucks party with your friends you're not going to go pay 40 000
dollars to have some college tell you what you can't be free you can't you're not even a free
being anymore you're a farm animal we made a huge we made an absolutely gigantic galactic error
by not standing up for our college kids by letting them all take the shot to go to college football
games ladies and gentlemen we made a huge huge error with our college kids that needs to be
fixed immediately or we are going to lose them and if we lose them then we may lose this battle
and we're not going to get them back by covering it that cursor really no way
we didn't know the potential side effects now we know we can go to a 22-year-old male
ago you know there's a one in five thousand let's say one in 50 000 chance of myocarditis
and half of those are going to be part well in one year we know it persists and those people
some of those may end up with really serious cardiac problems as opposed to zero risk from
certainly in the omicron for age uh why are we still pushing these things well that was an
interesting thing to slip in there so the cardiac risk has gone down from delta to omicron is that
what he just said that's pretty spooky yo half of those are going to be part well in one year we
know it persists and those people some of those may end up with really serious cardiac problems
as opposed to zero risk from certainly in the omicron for age uh why are we still pushing these
things well this is a young people particularly yeah and this is why you have your show and it's
so popular and this is why even the violence company is have particular products address
despite this is the second time that they are mentioning this
the wellness company are you kidding me post virus and vaccine vaccine is a problem
look i think historically we were we were learning things that we think we understand today
that we will get to know what was wrongsided and we would be corrected long too
yeah we were wrong for sure we talked we i figured out no no no no i i i cannot understand
how um a product that is so problematic in the sense of its causing harms their reported deaths
we can put i put on a substack about this this japanese study with this teenage girl who died
that they're linking it direct to the shock that's not the only study we have many many instances
so we have a problem yet the powers that we don't want to talk about it and when we talk about it
we get attacked and smeared and slammed it so it has to be that people have been incentivized
j in some way and incentivization is not just money cash money you could get incentivization
by being able to keep your job keep your research position keep keep your research grant and that
is wrong because what we need is honest scientific debate on what the facts are bring the facts
to the table there's an even if you don't like the outcome you're going to have to agree with it
because this is proper proper science we are not dealing with proper science here zero i mean between
right yeah between molyne skiers heads of the cdc both of them i knew doctor i think personal
in fact he told me personally about his six foot social rule when i wrote that years ago people
said how are you sure he told yet he told me that i liked him and to me i know him personally
he's a good godfaring man but he was flat wrong and a lot of the science coming out of cdc and
decisions they made while he was there well linsky was worse and the present cdc director even worse
maybe we have a problem we seem to have patronage i'll see it
he was a patronist probably appointment on the trump like well linsky on the buy
they're not putting the right people in place who bring the pedigree but we don't want the
political animal we want somebody who nobody held their saying and what they're doing and they
could lean those thousands of employees that actually give us good science and good research
not politicize the agency you know so i am one of them saying straight up whoever the next
president or you know i'm a trump supporter i'm going to trump train but i have said you
show me a democrat show me a liberal show me a rhino even you show me somebody show me somebody
who's an independent and they love the country they love the borders they respect the flat they
respect the anthem they know about understand law and order they understand all those things
they like the police they don't want to burn the police down they respect the military and the
service the history of america the greatest country in the world banan well you show me
that person democrat even i'll vote for them i don't have to vote for president trump on
work right now i'm in his orbit but i will not support him if you show me somebody who could
check because trump checks those boxes you show me somebody could check them plus one
i'll strongly consider them but right now on the deck i need somebody like a trump to go into dc
and burn that place down you need to raise cdc fda naad raise it to the floor take it down to the
studs fire everybody 1,000 top down across the board i need a job those agencies because they
inept then competent they politicize i know because i work there i know these people i can't believe
the quality of the people at cdc they have some really good people strong people to scientists
but if vast majority of them are just overpaid and underworked and they get their not viability
i'm sorry i mean but same in canada i work for the government of canada our epidemiologists
for health canada and the public health agency of canada some of the most inept people work there
and they make decisions that affect lives like decisions they made on lockdowns
we found drew i'm echo and j but i'm going a little deeper than j
we looked i wish he was referencing me but i i published a paper with i think he's referencing
j about a chariot here a color rich dr ramen osui doctor how it turned about we looked at every
single study in this entire world across every country every study every report we could find
not one not one study has been published up to four years now to show that any lockdown
will occur transmission or death none not one same as school closures that's an incredible
statement for me to make but i challenge anyone to produce one for me because i know what the
date is i published it four hundred studies in brownstone one find it and read it you bring
one and show me that lock you can't so that's it in other words we lock society dumb based on
what we had no no we never did it before and we had no evidence that it would work
same with the social distancing redfield told me at the hhs i asked him i said dr redfield blunt
dr redfield where show me these studies again you use it with purists i'm a purist and i went
there to help with my research ability he laughed with me not at me but he chuckled he said fall
there's no science we made it up i said dr redfield made it up he said yes
so many countries were in consultation with because that happened before i arrived two months before
so it was already on deck they wanted one foot some said three feet some said 12 feet
some said 22 feet we found six feet some good good now people thought when i wrote that
in a substat in my blog that when he's pulling that out of his his behind why would we hear
where he told me scott got leave the former FDA commissioner went on the news shortly after
me and said the same because he was there too he said it was made up no fauci has come and said
it was made up so i i i was speaking what i knew i actually spoke to redfield that was covid
everything that they did they were making it up as they were going along the only problem is
their policies had serious real world implications and their policies harmed people many people
died because of their policies i'm telling you we had husbands and wives data was coming to my
office so we knew me and dr i classes it was coming to us husbands and wives were turning up to the
year standing there across america wife telling your doctor doctor i have been locked on for 10
months 12 months i've had no work no income i'm angry i'm bitter i'm miserable and i have to admit
i've been physically violent against my husband standing right here husband and tell the doctor
i too have been beaten my wife every day i have no work for a year we're losing the house
campaign and mortgage its disaster all life is over but they're standing there both of them
arms open and a child is laying in their arms unresponsive and they're telling the doctor
today doctor we hear no i think he's talking about a third person like he's telling a story about
people that come into the er and tell stories about how they've been locked down for 10 months
and they're beating their husband or their wife or whatever because we think we crossed the line
today we think we might have killed the child please help us and the child is there unresponsive
with broken bones they beat the child to a fragile and that happened across america multiple times
i know because they were reporting was coming to our office we were rolling it up to the white
house when trump was on his stump they're getting the cdc and arguing for the states to open the
economy and the schools is because he was getting the reports from us we had we harmed and i'm actually
trying to support what you just said drew we harmed our populations we harmed children
some models suggest it will take the rest of the 21st century 80 more years to put them back
to where it were in january of 2020 we harmed them sexual abuse physical abuse when we locked
schools down we didn't understand that most american children get their only meal in school
most when we closed schools many american children starved for months when we closed schools many
american children were sexually abusing their own homes and school is a place where it's flagged
for the first time we put children at risk many children were physically beaten by their families
friends most children of sexual abuse the parents knew the person that's another important statistic
and children suffered i'm not really down with this i'm not i don't you know
i'm not really down with this because what it does it really feels like
it really feels like an emphasis on particular worst case scenarios where even if and i'm not
saying that we should ignore these ideas but let's ignore all of these rare examples of kids that
were sexually abused more often than before because of the pandemic i don't think there are a whole
lot of kids that were completely free of sexual abuse before the pandemic and then the pandemic
finally gave the opportunity for it to start and so i feel like what he should be focused on
are the all the families that struggled to survive and didn't have these extraordinary
problems the extraordinary problems were just created by the extraordinary countermeasures
that were were forced upon our communities and so we're not talking about the lost businesses and
how those wrecked marriages we're not talking about how lost income could cause pressure that
would fracture families even if they were in school would have fractured households even if
everybody was going to school being home wasn't the problem being on an iPad wasn't the problem
it was having people's lives disrupted people's livelihoods disrupted businesses destroyed
yeah sure it's not good that the the schools were closed
it surely exacerbated a lot of things but we don't need to go down a list of uh special victims units
episodes here there's enough tragedy in very good people not being allowed to see their
relatives that were being killed by the protocols that's something we ought to talk about how about
all those teenagers that are suffering despair because one or more of their parents or grandparents
disappeared taken away from them suffered died how about my wife's sister how about her father in
law how about Nate's family how about Annie's family there's no special tragedies there with
abuse or or or or spousal whatever this is just loving beautiful families being destroyed by this
narrative so why is he got to send all this negativity why did he spend 20 minutes talking
about how Redfield made up the six foot rule why did he just point out that six foot is also
how deep you're supposed to bury a dead body and that's why they chose six foot
I don't like the fact that we're I feel like we're still being played
I don't like the fact that I feel like people are still being given scripts to read
I don't like the fact that I feel like people are
do those supplements work I don't know
do people need them I don't know I could be doing a great service to to the world
maybe I should be sponsored by the wellness company
but if I'm sponsored by the wellness company I'm still going to say everything I'm saying right
now including that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the
intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb I'm still going to say the
transfection in humans is criminally negligent because any medical doctor should have been
should have felt the responsibility enough to read up on it to find out what it was and to
come to the conclusion that it was a transfection wholly untested being delivered with
wholly untested lipid nanoparticles
and we haven't mentioned any of that yet
so we're getting there we're sort of there right he said something like if we had done nothing
this thing came around and we had done nothing we would be better off but the
virus did take out vulnerable old people
I have faith in a novel virus that killed millions of people but millions more were saved
I believe this novel virus probably came from gain of function and I believe it will come again
he suffered our children and it is bearing on well I would argue I would argue you're pointing
out the most extreme obviously cases but as you go down the scale of severity of the consequences
they are still profound in terms of the impact on development mental health
cognitive development school I will tell the story now I always tell it when I have this
conversation I will I suppose I'll take this one to my grave when the the Ukrainian women were
running out of Ukraine at the beginning of the war the invasion from Russia they were running
into Poland with their children and there were reporters there with microphones and a two-way
person each woman said oh yeah it's terrible we're leaving our sons our fathers our our
our husbands back to fight this war and then the next thing out of their mouth was
but these kids have been out of school for two weeks we have to get them back in school immediately
it's been two weeks that's a sane mother two weeks out of school is for real it is substantial
in this state California where I am right now we did it for two years and what we expect that to
suddenly magically vaporize in terms of its effect it's too much uh Dr. Alexander I'm gonna take a
little break here uh when we come back amongst other things I want to talk about Dr. Birx because
she was the one that evangelized about closure and I've got a little that theory that when
when a physician he's done he specializes on any topic when they become a you know when they become
you know uh I don't know whether word to use but evangelical is not religiously
evangelical they become evangelical on a topic that's how we got the opioid crisis for instance
that's how that's how opiates were evangelized by the pain medicine world where pain became the
fifth vital sign and pain assessment was more important than the pulse and all this craziness
that was because of evangelical physicians Birx on her own and in her book not only evangelized but
felt like a hero in having done so I'd love to get your assessment now that we have Dr. Fauci slowly
turning towards reality where he is saying again the six feet social distancing was
non-scientific made up no evidence that it did anything and yet we got the world to cooperate
with that it's just sensational and two that the lab leak uh where the specifics on the origin of
the virus came from might or no really it could no certainly not a conspiracy to talk about lab
leak origin although anyone who dared to bring that up a year or two ago was called a conspiracist
so we'll do those topics when we return so ladies gentlemen let's so a year or two ago you would
have been called a conspiracy theorist to bring up the lab leak are you are we forgetting that
we're in the fifth year now drew this whole thing started in 2020 that means four years ago
four years ago ladies and gentlemen seriously I'm not even kidding four years ago four
absolutely it's four years ago four years ago you would have been called a conspiracy theorist
to talk about the lab leak not one or two years ago four years ago yeah got it okay good glad you
could hear that um it's four years ago it's really I wanted that to be uh I had some kind of reverb
on there and now it was altering my pitch again I was recording uh some some stuff for the computer
voice and then yeah I thought I had that for reverb dark on it anyway that's not an older
interview I think it's like a week old um anyway let's make a resolution that's easy to keep and
to look and forth in a box or one of our custom gen facts just for all skin types and perfect
for skin of any age oh come on it's safe for all that's fake he's never been online like that
no way no no freaking way skin types and perfect for skin of any age plus with its immediate
effect that was like he had gel on his face or something it's like it's got peaks men 2023
genusil works for women see any smeared it and some of it went away types and perfect for skin
of any age plus with its immediate maybe that was just stuff that he put on maybe that was this
guaranteed or 100% of your money back so start wearing makeup now look off right with one of our
custom genusils colors are made from media you know the medical professionals you can trust
and their new medical emergency kits are the gold standard when it comes to keep you safe and
healthy it's really it's a safety net it's an insurance policy that you hope you're not gonna
leave but if you need it you sure as heck are gonna wish you had it if you need it be ready for
anything this medical emergency kit contains an assortment of lifesaving medications including
ivermectin z what do you suppose he gets for doing this i mean i know he's got a lot of viewers
but what what would he get for this could i make a living as a as a wellness guy i don't think i
have enough followers interesting you pack the medical from z back you see you found a better
sleep supplement is just moments here and he just shakes that oh my god you should have on hand
we have more kits coming for more circumstances like travel whatnot also Susan brought her favorite
supplements here and cleave mind is the sleep the rest will sleep i i've never found a better
sleep supplement is just uncanny how well that stuff works but will you have the spike support and
the yeah if you've had covid recently you take the spike support yeah it was a dr drew bobblehead
and i want you to think very carefully about who else has a bobblehead because Vincent
racking yellow has a bobblehead i think kevin mccaren has a bobblehead
tony fauci i have a tony fauci bobblehead um but having a bobblehead of yourself is something very
very intriguing unless your kids get it for you for father's day which probably is what kevin mccaren
had so that's totally okay um and i'm gonna assume that um because i think has as
an interesting as a character as kevin mccaren is it's hard for me to imagine that he is
somebody who would buy himself a bobblehead that's just seems way above and beyond now maybe the
guy who was or the gal that's that's running his show or or giving him encouragement or or direction
provided that bobblehead but the idea that of all the things he could do i'm sure
getting a bobblehead what could not possibly have been very high on his list i mean
it just seems so weird and then how many people have bobbleheads it's just weird i don't know right
it does does does debunked the funk have a bobblehead i don't think so and also there's some
okay look can we see there's also no i'm not on camera and then the gummies which have bromelain
i use the kids gummy dr valperin on fire in his substation is the book and here is dr paul
he's got a book i didn't know he had a book oh my gosh all these people have books
okay i need a sponsorship from the wellness company and i need a book i need a both stat
alexander uh who has so many books lately you can follow him uh on twitter uh it is put it up
there calip if you would his sub-stack in the twitter make sure i get this right dr paul
alexander dot com where you can find it i don't have his twitter account but you can find it at
dr paul alexander dot com got it and the sub-stack uh paul uh mark hu satanic and myself do not have
a book yet so please don't make these these broad statements in the chat like everyone
has a book because not everybody has a book mark and i don't have a book jessica and mark and i
don't have a book okay not everybody's got a book please have a little sensitivity when you're when
you're typing things the sub-stack the address is very simple is you just need to google alexander
covid news just alexander space covid space news and it will pop up and it's free i've made it free
you know you don't have to pay to join there's no um no moratoriums no firewalls anyone could
comment and you could get into the discussion excellent now before the break i mentioned
dr bergs and her evangelizing for a how do you know or uh what what are you basing your uh statement
on their daniel hays that the that the supplements are of low quality um no fulcrum i was just
joking around don't don't take me too seriously i'm not sad that i don't have a book um i'm gonna
have a book eventually i'm sure it'll be a really great recipe book uh what what why do you think
that they're yes get foster colson to get you a vitamin line yeah well only if it's going to be
like uh jj's jj's you know special combination i don't want to i want to hawk anybody else's combos
i want my own i want to uh melone special and her sense of heroism in her own book on having done so
what is your what is your assessment these days that's a beautiful picture of those hand down
i have wow and um dr bergs on me dr bergs had serious problems with dr a class myself he was in
the isin hobbit and i was at the um health and human services because we were raising serious
hell with her and pouchy as to the lockdowns school closures etc and um i think um she wrote
in a book that she didn't really care for me and um the thing about it is what i don't understand
through is these people made a lot of mistakes and they're not being held accountable the type
of hearings and the discussions needed are not happening so i hope it will come um a lot of these
people the reality is you you can't hate people you can't you have to love each other and um be
you know gracious mercy before make mistakes everyone is oh no he froze again uh oh just uh
froze on dot jell exander kayla were you still there with me or is that just on this end no yeah
i'm still here that was just his his call dropped he'll be he's coming back come on paul okay excellent
yeah uh it's again he was there he was the one fighting the fight i remember i was on a
nightly news broadcast i've discussed this before in here in los angeles um and a school board member
came in the night they closed the schools and i i was sort of shocked that they were doing this
because i i was it seemed excessive and bizarre for this particular pathogen and uh the school
board member came in and i said who who told you to do this did you consult with a team of infectious
disease experts was their public health who told you and thank god there's still footage of it and
if you look on the atom and dr. drew show we we played it there a couple of times and the guy
looked at me and went we just think it's the right thing to do you you could close what just because
you think it's the right what does that even mean who are you to make these decisions about
it just was just the most uncanny experience and thank god i was asking those questions and they
had no answers to them i you know but it was still so so odd to be around during those days
and always beware of physicians that uh have evangelical points of view it's why i really try to
be careful and you have humble with my positions in fact uh i got i got a little over my skis what
when i look back at my own errors uh i feel like that's where i got into trouble which was
being excessively sort of heuristic and pushing back on the chaos and panic that was being induced
at the time i thought it was the press that was doing it i really did i thought they were the ones
just doing it to try to do what they always do i mean look around now i mean every time it snows
it's a climate change like every time there's a white lung syndrome in china that was nothing
by the way it's respiratory virus season we're going to have respiratory viruses increase
includes co including covid it is going to happen and it's going to happen every respiratory season
are we going to be panicking about that every year for the rest of human life so we are we are
bizarre it's just wild we are really reinforcing this this respiratory virus idea including covid
so he was really reinforcing the idea that there's RSVE and that there's flu and that it's all
going around and it can be tracked with PCR and that's where this goes wrong
because what we're really talking about here is
the indirect justification for all of this uh diagnostic infrastructure
you know these these these sequencing machines are not cheap
um and getting it into hospital budgets and making it a normal thing for hospitals or for
testing agencies to be running DNA and and RNA diagnostics is not a good direction for us to be
going in it's not a good direction for us to be going in because those are in a lot of ways
black box technologies that shouldn't be applied as diagnostics in the way that they are and
oftentimes probably aren't being applied as diagnostics they're being applied as data collection tools
and so by driving this narrative of
high fidelity genetic testing for all of these pathogens and for making it let's say common
that this is the standard now we are opening the door for for this
technology to be used against us into the future almost add add infinitum they can they can just
roll out a fake test and if they make enough of them
then they can fool people not very dissimilar to what we watch the other night with
doctors not realizing that ladies were having toxic shock syndrome from incorrect use of
extra absorbent tampons you roll out a bad test how long will it take for those doctors to
disbelieve the test after they've been drilled by dr. Drew and by dr. Alexander and by dr. Bhattacharya
and by Fauci and by by all these people that these tests are legitimate because these threats
are legitimate because these biological phenomenon are legitimate and so we have to use something
to track them we have to use something to get a handle on them so that we have some way of
moving forward we've actually told people that this is more useful information than this entire
battery of symptoms that this entire medical history of this person the last 48-hour history
of this person is less important than this this PCR diagnostic this is the dangerous slippery slope
that these guys don't appear to be aware of at all as they talk about the respiratory season every
year come on people he yelled at us
by the chasing like every time there's a white lung syndrome in china that was nothing it
ate by the way it's respiratory virus season we're going to have respiratory viruses increase
includes co including covid it is going to happen and it's going to happen every respiratory season
are we going to be panicking about that every year for the rest of human life
it's too it's just too bizarre it's just wildly i don't know i don't know what to think about
but uh Caleb how are we doing there with uh Dr. Alexander we're uh trying to reconnect him he's
coming back into the zoom call i don't it's it's been so bizarre like as you guys probably noticed
yesterday we had tons of technical issues today i had its even technicians come out and change
all the hardware only for us to find out that it was because of the tornadoes that went through
florida knocked out a whole fiber like array they called it so everybody using fiber on the
east coast has been having some issues like this so he's he's coming back and then he's on it and
then now good and now he's having still this up but we we do pretty good i think and so the so
we are dependent on some of the systems and that's fine that's how this works and so we've you froze
there in the middle of what you were saying why don't you continue your thoughts sir
thank you thank you oh there we go there we are yes yeah so thank you very much um yeah some
already we lost there but um yeah you were talking about Dr. Booth the reality about it is that um
i was trying to express that uh a lot of mistakes were made by a lot of people and um we need to
find a way to get to the bottom of the mistakes and have a seriously beat so that these kinds of
things don't happen i i tend to believe that i don't believe that people were just purely inept
because from very early on including people like Bhattacharya and Koolock myself at last
McCollum stuff we were shouting out about the harms of like the lockdowns and stuff and it seems as though
um these people like the books and they of the world they just hardened the lockdowns and
extended them when the evidence had accumulated quickly two three weeks out of the gate by the
middle of April the lockdowns were harmful and harming the society so we need to be able to
ask them these questions as to what were they looking at what data what evidence to keep the
lockdowns going especially harms on children by closing schools and i think um Dr. Booth's books
is a very charismatic individual um her her fights with uh Dr. Atlas were legendary in uh
in the White House exception meetings because um he's a very evidence-based guy he would walk
into meetings with stacks of research studies on papers works on poetry and they would have
nothing they would sit down on the desk at the table with nothing and Atlas would ask him we
asked him serious questions and they would not be able to answer the questions from a data on
evidence point of view yet they will produce in these graphs that he would put up every day
spooking President Trump and uh with all these infections and cases yet they won't tell him
President Trump Dr. Books and they won't tell him President Trump that he will oversight on the
PCR process so we will we knew that many of those positive cases that you are taking people out of
school and society will potentially force positive infectious pathogens so there's so many crazy
nonsensical, suspicious actions taken that when we look back at it i have to say to you that um
i don't know how people like you you're crewing me that we got here because at one point you thought
what was going to okay so i'm just gonna pause it here i i i so we talked about Atlas being an
evidence-based medicine guy and then he talked about overcycling of the PCR i really want you to
understand that an alternative interpretation that i'm trying to get everyone to consider
not claiming that it is the way to think about the PCR test but i want you to consider the
possibility that any background signal that was confounded with an amplicon any unknown background
signal previously unrecorded but broadly distributed background signal that could have been positive
on any of these amplicons for any of these over 200 emergency use authorized PCR tests
any contamination from controls could have caused widespread positivity in any of these labs in any of these places where it would have been contaminated in any of these places where they were collecting the swabs and drive-ups these are all being confounded with the possibility that PCR works fairly well and they just didn't really target at anything meaningful
it's also being confounded by the idea that the PCR could have been looking for something meaningful that they knew was there because they put it there in certain places and so we as as as representatives of giga-ome what i would like you to be equipped with is the ability to say yeah that's a good point but there are five other things you should consider just like when somebody brings up the double stranded DNA that can be used in the
shot i would like us to be sophisticated enough to be able to say yes that's true but
and list the other seven reasons why transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent
and that's where we need to get that's how sophisticated we need to get that's how
how informed we need to be so that like me when somebody asks you a question you can give them
a one or two sentence answer that hits it right on the head and it rings the bell
not you know can i ask you more but wow that that's an answer i didn't expect
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb that's not how the immune system works my friend
that answer will knock people's socks off i've seen it happen
because they were just doing things that were just harming people and now we realize that
everything that was done with covid basically was wrong that that i ask anyone right now
give me an example of a policy just one that was done that was implemented and imposed on us
that would i don't think anybody could find a policy that would we lost in every single
thing that they did but yet yet four to five trillion dollars moved from the lower and the
lower middle class population towards the wealthy people wealthy people who in big business made
a lot of money and became richer we shifted the burden of morbidity and mortality though
to the poor because the middle class and upper middle class these people and the rich people
could have afforded to shield dr. books locked down she was locking down yet the poor people
marginalized people women women who had front facing jobs had to go to the grocery group had
to go to this to the assembly floor had to go out there had to drive buses men those poor people
had to face whatever this was and none of them died i can't believe the fact that all those people
who are working at the front lines of grocery stores like like trader jose and whole foods they
weren't all dead how come they didn't die i mean delta went around into all those people
those semi-retired people working at home depot they were all working all through it
they never died it's really incredible and when we look at the data the infections were highest in
them and the mortality so there's a lot of a lot of questions as to why certain things were done
on what went wrong i don't find that fauci and books in there like they have this these hearings
let me tell you something so your listeners could understand in these hearings that are taken place
now with fauci came up the ones before except on even now people like myself and i found this
closure people reach out to me from the congress and the senate and say no doctor is under can you
put together some questions for us we are the congressional really the house members we are
the senators whatever questions for us to ask and i reached out to a lot of scientists and doctors
that i work with and i said you guys give me questions too let's put together a big truth
and i sent it to them and then they started to select they would select questions that they want
and they would put in questions that are so nonsensical it's just junk and then i will start
communicating and say but wait hold on this is supposed to be a hearing and we want a comfortability
and stuff right and point out what shocked me drew is that and i can't name names here but i have the
emails some of the aides would write me back to the different congresspeople and say fall i don't
take a really understanding we bring in these people up here to the hill
under questioning and hearings but we don't look at the punish anybody etc we just trying to
embarrass them well i nearly fell out of my chair so i will then back and let me embarrass them
do you mean like this is a dog on pony show yes it is a dog on pony show and this is the point
when the democrats have the chairmanship they do the same the republicans have the chairmanship
they do the same there is no accountability that's going to come out yeah of these hearings
as they exist today none and that's i'm not surprised i i'm not surprised although there's a part of
me i've said this before that i i don't want us to go on a punishment seeking affair in the sense
that my priority is getting to the truth so we can adjust and put things in place to make sure
this doesn't happen again uh and i don't and i'm i worry that if you seek to punish people
all the people that want to have a neuremberg 2.0 and all this stuff people are going to go on
the defensive and you're not going to find anything out we're not going to figure out a damn thing
about what happened because people are going to shut up and follow what the attorneys tell them
to do in this case at least we have the possibility of finding out where the mistakes were it just
i just the fact that fauci said what he said yesterday that would suddenly you and i have been
talking about the six feet thing for two years and every time i bring it up i i could get a 500 hits
on twitter calling me an idiot how dare i well where are those people now you know every way
the the the theme for the day is everybody needs to take a good hard look at themselves
everybody wherever you're wrong where you were right where you where you jumped on to propaganda
that was brought by another country many times and where you were a horrible human being to somebody
else who was merely offering an opinion that is where everybody needs to be and that should be the
focus of even these sorts of hearings like where did what do you get off telling a guy
going after dr fauci in an email a guy like j about a charia a guy that you funded his research
what were you thinking what's going on in your mind that you would behave like that
to me that's that's of course they would get embarrassed by all that too in which you would
satisfy their goals and all this but i i worry about going for blood i really worry about that
what do you say to that well i mean look there's a lot of siege in what you just said because we
we are good governance society and we are we are we are civilized people today in the 21st century
we supposed to be we are supposed to have even the most difficult discussion
civilly the finer we have the discourse but but also we need some kind of accountability
we can't let me put it you this way when and when susie went to her doctor and asked her doctor
in Canada as an example because i know many susies this happened to them because i was asked
to play a role even in america i told you doctor i cannot take this vaccine because i have an allergic
reaction to components of the vaccine based in my past life actually doctor you are treating me
for one of those components the doctor would tell her look wait right here i was there he would
go and bring a piece of paper from the province of ontario the college opposition and citizens
or the federal government showing that as a doctor if somebody in canada this is what happened and
this is still on the books now it's the rule okay i'm gonna stop i can't do it anymore because
they're not talking about anything relevant they're not they're not asking relevant questions
they're not asking questions that are going to get anybody's family out of the cave
they're not going to they're not asking questions that are going to get anybody to the state to
which they really understand the depth and the breadth of the lies that have occurred
that's the reality here and i don't know why it is that that they're doing this i don't know if
that's what the wellness company is into i don't know if that's the way they sell supplements
but i know for sure that we have a very serious problem if this is the the discourse that we're
going to have where we're going to talk about overcycling and false positives and this thing
that went around and killed old people and that we responded poorly to um i am not very happy to
find out that dr. Simon Godak has blocked me that's a little weird um i don't really know what to say
about that uh and let me sure why not let me save this and let me give it a quick spin i'm trying
to get done a little bit early on time these days because um it's starting to eat into my mornings
and so uh shoot that's not what i wanted
i am just going to say thank you very much for joining me um and i'm going to sign off a little
you know on normal time but not really normal i guess it's a little late
uh and i will be on tomorrow with another study hall i think i'm still working on
friday's show friday's show is going to be a uh infectious cycle show i'm really looking forward
to it and it will be the first time that we put out a pdf and quite some time so i'm excited about
that for all my subscribers and of course as you know the pdfs are always free it's just that the
subscribers get a little email with a link and uh they cannot download all the old ones
in this pdf i think will help you um to find the papers yourself to read the papers yourself
there'll be some annotated papers um i'm really looking forward to this first installment of the
the brief to actually come out in pdf form again um thanks for joining me um i do think it is really
time to stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by
any means necessary and here is your outro music uh
he has 6,666 followers of course he does um of course he does you didn't get a pdf yet
talking cube but you will and i forgive you for being late there jannet uh that's all right we
didn't need too much um in the way of of legal advice tonight but i can tell you that um they
weren't talking about anything relevant right nobody mentioned the the prep act and how we could
fix that problem um how are we going to not let this happen again i don't really know but i don't
think paul and drew were about to say we have to get rid of the prep act and and elect a president
that will do that i highly doubt it and they certainly were going to say uh strict liability
for uh all pharmaceutical products but you know that's the way it goes um intramuscular
injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not pattern integrity
it is definitely not a worst case scenario
is that the old one i didn't replace it with the new one that's too bad
if you would like to support the stream um you can do that at digahomebiological.com you can scroll
down to the bottom and there are ways to subscribe for for uh monthly quarterly or annually and i
think actually if you contribute quarterly you're you're contributing the most um and you can also
make a one-time donation at the top where it says support giga-omebiological thank you very
much for joining me and i'll see you again tomorrow bye bye
you